My game "The Metamorphosis" is a narrative driven game inspired by the premise of Franz Kafka's novella of the same name. The game is made interesting through absurd plotlines and funny dialogue, rather than through mission-based objectives. I considered giving the user more free will and including various comands that could be used thoughout the game to travel, collect objects, etc., but I felt that it disrupted the story I wanted to tell. And, in classic kafka-esque fashion, the protagonist is forced into an absurd reality with limited free will. Part of waht makes the book so interesting is that, even in a completely riduluous and life-changing scenario, Gregor's main goal for the part of the book is to get to work on time. Gregor Samsa has backwards-seeming priorities in his life, and the choices allowed in the game reflect the mindset of our protagonist Gregor, rather than the user.

The program includes various classes with different methods that impact the story. Almost all of them are primarly print methods, since the text is the primary feature of the game, but putting the text into different classes allows for easier to read code and object oriented structure that is true to the story. There are still print statements in the play class, used whenever a method is used more than once, and the effect varies based of previous choices, so additional context must be added. Many of the classes also have attributes that are never read in the game, but I still find important to include. Including these attributes also allows me to expand the storyboard and add more otions later if I were to come back to this project.

One thing I thought about implementing in the game was a "counter" that would count down the time until Gregor's shift starts and end the game if he was late. I chose not to implement this because I wanted to include a path where Gregor is already late to work early in the game, since this happens in the book and introduces us to different characters and plots as a result. In the scenario where he does not oversleep, I still felt like the counter was a bit much, since many of the possible paths don't require very many steps, an only in rare cases would the counter actually end the game. I also thought about breakup up my play function into separate functions to avaoid repetition of code, since some storylines can be arrived at by different actions, but this interupted the gameflow and the ability for previous actions to determine future story.
